User Manual for Assignment 4: Task Tracker GUI - By: Daven Chohan - Student ID: 301401324

Operation 1: List all tasks
	Listing of all the tasks is shown when the "All" toggle button is selected at the top of the "My To-Do List" window
	which opens when the program is run. Then in the big rectangle in the middle all tasks are shown in chronological order
	along with the tasks information. You may have to scroll down to see all the tasks or scroll to the right to see all 
	of the notes/name. If no tasks are recorded it will simply say "No tasks to show" in the big rectangle.

Operation 2: Add a new task
	To add a new task, click the "Add task" button in the "My To-Do List" window. When clicked an "Add Task" window should appear.
	Here you must specify the name of the task alongside the date and time it is due. You can also provide notes if you 
	you wanted to. If you simply want to add a random task you can click "Generate" and the name and notes of the task will get
	automatically filled however, you still must provide a due date and time. When done click "Create" to finish creating
	the task. The task is now shown in the big rectangle in the "My To-Do List" window.

Operation 3: Remove a task
	To remove a task when looking at the "My To-Do List" window make sure the "All" toggle button is selected at the top and then
	under whichever task you would like to remove you will see a button that says, "Remove Task". Click this button and the task
	will be removed. It will no longer show in any of the task lists.

Operation 4: Mark a task as completed/incomplete
	To mark a task as completed or incomplete when looking at the "My To-Do List" window make sure the "All" toggle button is selected
	at the top and then under whichever task you would like to mark as completed/incomplete there is a checkbox that says "Completed",
	to mark a task as completed, check the checkbox, to mark it as incomplete, uncheck the checkbox.

Operation 5: List overdue incomplete tasks
	Listing of all the overdue incomplete tasks is shown when the "Overdue" toggle button is selected at the top of the "My To-Do List" 
	window which opens when the program is run. Then in the big rectangle in the middle all overdue incomplete tasks are shown in chronological 
	order along with the task's information. You may have to scroll down to see all the tasks or scroll to the right to see all 
	of the notes/name. If no tasks are overdue and incomplete, it will simply say "No overdue incomplete tasks to show" in the big rectangle.

Operation 6: List upcoming incomplete tasks
	Listing of all the upcoming incomplete tasks is shown when the "Upcoming" toggle button is selected at the top of the "My To-Do List" 
	window which opens when the program is run. Then in the big rectangle in the middle all upcoming incomplete tasks are shown in chronological 
	order along with the task's information. You may have to scroll down to see all the tasks or scroll to the right to see all 
	of the notes/name. If no tasks are upcoming and incomplete, it will simply say "No upcoming incomplete tasks to show" in the big rectangle.

Operation 7: Exit
	When the "X" button is clicked in the top right of the "My To-Do List" window the program automatically saves the current task list in a
	JSON file in the main directory of the project. Then the application window closes.